---
author: elmavericko
comments: true
date: 2012-10-01 21:04:00+00:00
layout: post
slug: '482'
title: '[Meeting] 10-01-2012'
wordpress_id: 482
categories:
- Meeting Announcement
---

Good afternoon!

In the last meeting it seemed we lost a few of you. So, at tonight's
meeting, we will be looking at some of the basics of modern hacking. We're
going to start very simple. Once we've laid a foundation for hacking,
we'll then begin with introductory web hacking.

The first lesson of the evening will cover setting up a Virtual Machine
(VM) Host on our computers. We will be using VirtualBox, so please try to
come in with VirtualBox already installed so we can make this step as
productive as possible.

For the second, we'll actually be installing a VM inside of the VM host.
If you have never done that, this is the right time to ask. We will spend
as much time as it takes so each of you have a VM up and running.

And for the third lesson, we're going to introduce a Linux-based VM, which
is specifically tailored to web penetration testing.

WARNING: The VM we're using tonight is NOT to be used against UF resources without prior approval.

Come prepared with a laptop that has at least 2GB of RAM, and (preferably) 25+GB of drive space available. Please also download and install VirtualBox on your computer prior to the meeting.

VirtualBox:
Downloads for Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux (x86/amd64)
https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads

P.S. Any of the advanced members, please feel free to stop by and help with the teaching :)



**Location and time**:
6:30pm-8:30pm
1151 McCarty Hall A
[http://campusmap.ufl.edu/?loc=0495](http://campusmap.ufl.edu/?loc=0495)
