---
author: elmavericko
comments: true
date: 2013-03-13 05:00:10+00:00
layout: post
slug: meeting-march-13-2013
title: Meeting - March 13, 2013
wordpress_id: 628
categories:
- Meeting Announcement
---

Good morning, SIT'ers!

Tonight, we're starting our crash course series on CTF preparation. The
UCSB iCTF is March 22nd! That's next Friday!
If you plan to participate... you won't want to miss the next two meetings!

During this week's meeting, we'll teach you how to use the different
internal collaboration systems that we've set up. This will play a big
part in making sure the team operates smoothly.

You'll get a chance to see the many different roles that need to be
filled during a CTF. Job assignment is critical in making sure we have
at least one person working in a particular area at all times.

Because some of you have expressed concern with the iCTF having a
network component, we'll also introduce the network mapping tool (nmap).
The purpose, for this meeting, will be to identify potential security
issues with your systems and patch them up before the CTF.



**Stuff to Bring**
- Laptop running Linux, and with an Ethernet port
- IRC client: irssi/weechat/etc. (Linux) or Chatzilla (Firefox Add-in)
- PGP public key - you *will* need this and we can show you how to
generate one


**Ethics Agreement**
Just a reminder... if you haven’t yet signed an the ethics agreement
posted at [http://ufhack.org/ethics/](http://ufhack.org/ethics/), please bring a copy of the
agreement, printed out and signed, to tonight’s meeting.


**Time and Location**
Wednesday
8:00pm – 10:00pm
1151 McCarty Hall A
[http://campusmap.ufl.edu/?loc=0495](http://campusmap.ufl.edu/?loc=0495)
